# creative-computing
I will admit when I first saw the title of our next section, "creative computing", my first reaction was one of aversion. I was not in the right headspace for math or science of any kind. I had left all of that behind in high school, along with the feelings of frustration and despair that had become synonymous with any practice involving math. I had never been very adept at these subjects in high school, although I did find myself enjoying them on the occasion that I had actually understood what I was lerarning. I would like to point out that I do not want to be one to perpetuate the scientific vs artistic stereotype, nor the gender stereotypes that are associated with it. Simply put, I lacked the confidence in these areas. I respected and admired them, but failed to imagine myself engaging with them proprely. That was where lied the problem. Because I did not consider myself to be the "math" or "science" type, I had closed myself off to the idea of computing entirely, without having tried it. Major faux pas. Like with anything in life, "don't knock it till you've tried it". 

The part where my perspective changed, was in realising the first word: creative. Creative computing. It kind of sounds nice and catchy together, perhaps due to the alliteration of the "c". Computing by itself does have a level of mysticality and obfuscation to it, which can make it quite an alienating subject. The fact that it has not yet become normalised or incorporated into traditional educational structures also serves as reason as to why many, including myself, were not particularly drawn to the idea of it. We ckearly do not have enough early exposure to it. However, pairing the concept of computation with design relieved some of my internal stressors about how seemingly "unfit" I was for the subject. I learned that art and design have as much a place in the computation field as science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). 
